2023年09月06日 星期三

昨晚（2023年09月05日）和郭濤弟兄、劉現省弟兄在微信上視頻聊天，
我們一起回顧了之前分享的聖經中的（關於該隱和亞伯獻祭的）內容。
之後我用 MacBook 看了之前上傳到 GitHub 上的我的日記的照片。
照片中，我母親的手還把頁面下方的字蓋住了，
我看到那些字被手指擋住，氣得直捶自己大腿。
眞是笨死了。
一個扔我的日記，另一個用手指遮擋我的日記。

今天光顧著面試公司了，沒時間做別的事情。
除了吃飯的時候下樓了，其它時間全在屋裡。

下樓吃飯，順便買了插線板(插排)，
我在微信上問房東郭希林給我房間配一個插排，他不肯。
房東太摳門，我祇能自己去樓下的超市買插排。
開始買錯了，空調的插頭是大插頭，開始買了小的插排，
又下樓去退貨，換了另一個可以插空調插頭的插線板。

一整天和很多的HR通電話，
今天一共面試了三家公司，

第二個在下午1點20分，艾融軟件的劉先生，
是電話interview，純中文的，沒有談技術問題。

第一個在下午3點47分，微創軟件的英文面試官，
是電話interview，純英文的，沒有談技術問題。

第三個在晚上7點39分，共濟科技的劉彥龍，
是電話視頻面試，純中文的，談了很多前端的技術問題。

和李俊在微信上聊天, 交流找工作的經驗。

許會計讓我幫她把她的藍牙耳機和筆記本電腦配對，我試了，沒成功。
我說:妳不必用藍牙耳機,直接用筆記本電腦(的內置音響)外放就行。

在脖子後面，後背腰部，右腿外側的被蚊子叮咬的包上塗抹風油精。
在窗檯上，用打火機點了兩片蚊香。






附記: 找工作面試

請您介紹一下您自己

My name is yu haining.
I’m 27 years old now.
I graduated from Tianjin Polytechnic University.
My major is software Engineering.
I am good at front-end web developing.
I have experience in Vue and AngularJS and I recently worked on a web3 project using React.
I’ve working for Standard Chartered since i graduated from college.
I’ve been doing research and developing these years.
but I have a feeling that I could do more consulting and supporting tasks.
I hope I could really join your company and achieve something.

What’s your previous projects, could you describe them?
the first project is a government project about Law and censorship on companies.
the second project is about retail banking in Standard Chartered, we do personal apps for android and iOS.
the third major project that i’ve joined is a web3 project.
I worked for Desmo Labs in developing a DAPP.
It’s called Debond.
we invented a solution called Source ID.
You can use Source ID to sign contracts and purchase bonds and other products on web3.

Do you have any experience on cloud computing and Linux?
I’ve been developing web project for years and I am familiar in using Linux
because I use cloud server to deploy projects and those server are all running on Linux.

What do you expect if you could be offered this job?
I think there will be challenging tasks.
and i could do more works of consulting and communicating and supporting tasks than ever.
I used to be a pure developer but
I think my ability of Oral and Written English will be used in real life and in daily working
and NOW i think this job that you could offer me is great.
and I hope I will be given this opportunity and i will have a chance to prove my value.

Can you accept …?
Yes. I am open to all possibilities.

Are you currently living in Beijing?
Yes. I’m living in Peking and I’m looking for a job in Peking.



router
hooks
state



华为
C++
前端 JavaScript

项目讲解
有几个前端开发、几个后端开发
自己负责哪个模块
用的什么技术

手撕代码
必须用C++

Web3 海外的项目进展比较缓慢，没有国内项目节奏这么快

没有太关注这个，没有具体算过，年薪20多万，月薪1.7万

银行转账，我也没太注意过。

银行流水是以公司户头进行转账

国内期望同等薪资，有一个合理涨幅。

我想找一个国内的工作，我想找一个大一点的平台发展。
