找工作面試

参见2023年9月6日日记。
参见2023年9月12日日记。

請您介紹一下您自己

My name is yu haining.
I’m 27 years old now.
I graduated from Tianjin Polytechnic University.
My major is software Engineering.
I am good at front-end web developing.
I have experience in Vue and AngularJS and I recently worked on a web3 project using React.
I’ve working for Standard Chartered since i graduated from college.
I’ve been doing research and developing these years.
but I have a feeling that I could do more consulting and supporting tasks.
I hope I could really join your company and achieve something.

What’s your previous projects, could you describe them?
the first project is a government project about Law and censorship on companies.
the second project is about retail banking in Standard Chartered, we do personal apps for android and iOS.
the third major project that i’ve joined is a web3 project.
I worked for Desmo Labs in developing a DAPP.
It’s called Debond.
we invented a solution called Source ID.
You can use Source ID to sign contracts and purchase bonds and other products on web3.

Do you have any experience on cloud computing and Linux?
I’ve been developing web project for years and I am familiar in using Linux
because I use cloud server to deploy projects and those server are all running on Linux.

What do you expect if you could be offered this job?
I think there will be challenging tasks.
and i could do more works of consulting and communicating and supporting tasks than ever.
I used to be a pure developer but
I think my ability of Oral and Written English will be used in real life and in daily working
and NOW i think this job that you could offer me is great.
and I hope I will be given this opportunity and i will have a chance to prove my value.

Can you accept …?
Yes. I am open to all possibilities.

Are you currently living in Beijing?
Yes. I’m living in Peking and I’m looking for a job in Peking.



router
hooks
state



华为
C++
前端 JavaScript

项目讲解
有几个前端开发、几个后端开发
自己负责哪个模块
用的什么技术




项目节奏如何？
Web3 海外的项目进展比较缓慢，没有国内项目节奏这么快。

当前的薪资水平？
没有太关注这个，没有具体算过。
我的薪资是年包20多万吧。
年薪20多万，月薪1.7-1.8万。

薪资的发放方式？
我的薪资是按人民币发放。
银行转账，我也没太注意过。
银行流水是以公司户头进行转账。
我的薪资是按月发放的。
每月我收到的薪资大概是18k。

期望薪资是多少？
国内期望同等薪资，有一个合理涨幅。

为什么离职？
我想找一个国内的工作，我想找一个大一点的平台发展。
